OBSDOCS-3174: Document Review default set of stream labels for "opens… (#107773)
openshift/openshift-docs: configuring/configuring-lokistack-otlp.adoc

[id="customizing-openshift-defaults_{context}"]

> === Customizing OpenShift defaults

Author: Updated.

[id="customizing-openshift-defaults_{context}"]
=== Customizing OpenShift defaults

In the `openshift-logging` mode, the configuration requires certain attributes that you must not remove due to their role in OpenShift functions.
Other attributes, called console labels, need to be enabled. 

> The {ocp-product-title} web console uses console labels to provide a simplified UI for querying logs.

Reviewer: The first sentence sounds incomplete to me. Should we maybe combine these?

```suggestion
Other attributes, called console labels, need to be enabled if the {ocp-product-title} web console is used to query the logs.
```

Author: Modified as "If you use the {ocp-product-title} web console to query the logs, you must enable the attributes called console labels." wdyt?
